added commit-hash.txt file under export-subst flag (#12717)
ethereum/solidity: CMakeLists.txt

option(SOLC_LINK_STATIC "Link solc executable statically on supported platforms" OFF)
option(SOLC_STATIC_STDLIBS "Link solc against static versions of libgcc and libstdc++ on supported platforms" OFF)
option(STRICT_Z3_VERSION "Use the latest version of Z3" ON)

> option(SOL_FORCE_RELEASE "Force the creation of a Release Version" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(SOL_FORCE_RELEASE "Build a release binary" OFF)
```

Maybe we should really call this `SOL_RELEASE_VERSION`? Force sounds a bit as if you were doing something you should not be doing but this is now **the** way to build a release binary.

Author: Sure, will change it in the next iteration

> option(SOL_VERSION_PRERELEASE "Getting the latest version of a prerelease" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(SOL_VERSION_PRERELEASE "Extra pre-release information to be included in the version string. By default it's the name of the main branch and the date of the last commit in it. Must be empty when doing a release build." ON)
```

> option(SOL_VERSION_PRERELEASE "Getting the latest version of a prerelease" ON)

Reviewer: It's a string value. If you set it to `ON`, then that text will be included in the version string.
```suggestion
option(SOL_VERSION_PRERELEASE "Getting the latest version of a prerelease" "")
```

> option(SOL_RELEASE_VERSION "Extra pre-release information to be included in the version string. By default it's the name of the main branch and the date of the last commit in it. Must be empty when doing a release build." "")

Reviewer 2: This should be
```suggestion
set(SOL_RELEASE_VERSION "" CACHE STRING "Extra pre-release information to be included in the version string. By default it's the name of the main branch and the date of the last commit in it. Must be empty when doing a release build.")
```
shouldn't it?

Reviewer 2: Also ``SOL_VERSION_PRERELEASE`` needs to be an option here as well, shouldn't it?
